comm with js: add docs for `bs.scope` (#26)
melange-re/documentation-site: docs/communicate-with-javascript.md

  (automated)
- [`bs.unwrap`](#approach-2-polymorphic-variant-bsunwrap): unwrap variant values

> These attributes are used in other places like records, fields, parameters,
> functions...:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These attributes are used in places like records, fields, parameters,
functions, and more:
```

global JavaScript object, Melange provides the `bs.scope` attribute.

For example, if we want to write some bindings for a specific property
`commands` from [the `vscode`
package](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/references/vscode-api#commands), we
can do:

```ocaml
type param
external executeCommands : string -> param array -> unit = ""
  [@@bs.scope "commands"] [@@bs.module "vscode"] [@@bs.splice]

let f a b c = executeCommands "hi" [| a; b; c |]
```

Which compiles to:

```javascript
var Vscode = require("vscode");

function f(a, b, c) {
  Vscode.commands.executeCommands("hi", a, b, c);
}
```

The `bs.scope` attribute can take multiple arguments as payload, in case we want
to reach deeper into the object from the module we are importing.

For example:

```ocaml
type t

external back : t = "back"
  [@@bs.module "expo-camera"] [@@bs.scope "Camera", "Constants", "Type"]

let camera_type_back = back
```

Which generates:

```javascript
var ExpoCamera = require("expo-camera");

var camera_type_back = ExpoCamera.Camera.Constants.Type.back;
```

It can also be used in combination with other attributes besides `bs.module`,
like `bs.val`:

```ocaml

> external imul : int -> int -> int = "imul" [@@bs.val] [@@bs.scope "Math"]

Author: I realized `bs.scope` is not necessary when using `bs.val` because the external function name can take dots, e.g.

https://github.com/melange-re/documentation-site/blob/7022ed1542e940dde957bbde0eed501811418f76/docs/communicate-with-javascript.md?plain=1#L801

But as it's supported, why not document it 🤷

Reviewer: I don't know if we want to rely on that. I could imagine some transformations we would want to do in the future would benefit from having well-defined semantics.

Author: I agree. This made me think we should then get rid of the `bs.val` example what was using `"Math.imul"` string on the right side of the external. Did so in https://github.com/melange-re/documentation-site/pull/26/commits/8f8cdda0767d67505679d198e4f2aaec81480909.

Author: > But as it's supported, why not document it 🤷

Oh, just read this 😬 Well, lmk if you want to change it back. I still think if it's supported but we don't want people to rely much on it, and there's a "safer" alternative to it, better to leave it undocumented.
